# Project-Alzheimer-s Abstract
    The goal of this project is to predict instances of Alzheimer's disease in patients after they have completed an MRI scan. By predicting who had Alzheimer's, we are able to save people by putting them into a preventative care treatment before they are even diagnosed with the disease. Especially with Alzheimer's, early detection is critical in saving patients. Through the use of various machine learning algorithms such as K-Nearest Neighbors, Support Vector Machines, and Linear Regression, this project provides various methods of prediction. 

# Scoring and Errors for the Algorithms
    Of the various algorithms and methods used in this project, the one that had the lowest Root Mean Square Error was the K-Nearest Neighbors Algorithm with a RMSE of 0.2839809171235324. The Support Vector Machine got a RSME of 0.2978416985906353 and the linear regression (both regular and linear) got a RSME of 0.30399743103099924. However, all the algorithms are relatively close in their error and since the error lies between 0.2-0.5 for all of them, the algorithms are fairly reliable.

# Algorithm Notes
    I'm going to provide some notes on the algorithms and how they work. Each of the algorithm takes inputs from the user on various features, ranging from simple ones like age and gender to complex features that can only be attained after an MRI scan. If certain inputs are left void, the algorithm continues with its prediction by substituting the average of that feature in the dataset for the input. Hence, the algorithm can still predict with fully void inputs but requires at least a gender value because of the way the gender feature is split into two. Otherwise, the Algorithm will throw a KeyError. However, leaving inputs void will leave a less accurate prediction since only the average is used. The code is dependent on the dataset being in an excel format. The dataset used for training and testing the model will be linked below. In the code, wherever a path or directory is used, substitute with the directory where your dataset is. Each algorithm will output either a 1 or 0 based on your inputs. A 1 corresponds to a prediction of Alzheimer's disease and a 0 to a prediction that the patient will not have Alzheimer's disease.
